README.md, before:

##  👋 Hello there, I'm Gustavo Sales, a full stack developer 🚀 from Brazil.

<!-- Provided by https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats -->
<img width="40%" align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Gust4voSales&langs_count=6&theme=tokyonight"/>

### 👨🏻‍💻 About Me
- 🎓 I'm a Computer Science undergraduate student at UFAPE
- 💼 I'm currently working on personal projects that helps me gain experience with techs demanded on market 🔥
- ✍️ Fluent in English
- 🌱 I'm looking foward to learn game development 🎮 and AI 🤖.

### 🛠 Techs
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/typescriptlang/typescriptlang-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/python/python-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-ar21.svg"></code>
  <br/>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/reactjs/reactjs-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/nodejs/nodejs-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://braze-marketing-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/images/partner_logos/react-native.png"></code>
  <br/>
  <!--<code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sass-lang/sass-lang-ar21.svg"></code> -->
<br/>
<br/>
<details>
  <summary>
 💻 Personal projects I'm most prowd of
  </summary>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Gust4voSales/QuizSphere-Cliente" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Gust4voSales&repo=QuizSphere-Cliente&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Gust4voSales/RecomendaFilmes" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Gust4voSales&repo=RecomendaFilmes&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Gust4voSales/TIMES-Gerenciador-de-Foco" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Gust4voSales&repo=TIMES-Gerenciador-de-Foco&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
</p>
</details>

**** 
<p> 
  <strong>🤝🏻 Connect with me:</strong>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="mailto:manoel0gustavo@gmail.com" target="blank">
    <img height="20" width="20" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/4a3dd8d10a27c272fd04b2ce8ed1a130606f95ea6a76b5e19ce8b642faa18c27/68747470733a2f2f6564656e742e6769746875622e696f2f537570657254696e7949636f6e732f696d616765732f7376672f676d61696c2e737667" />  
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/gust4_sales/" target="blank">
    <img height="20" width="20"  src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/c9dacf0f25a1489fdbc6c0d2b41cda58b77fa210a13a886d6f99e027adfbd358/68747470733a2f2f6564656e742e6769746875622e696f2f537570657254696e7949636f6e732f696d616765732f7376672f696e7374616772616d2e737667" />  
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCctz-c-Iz_L1OMUo2YQMnMg" target="blank">
    <img height="20" width="20" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/d54e97f5edde790381f7e62b217410df33e066a0dc8f692f2fc6b25fc1768b0c/68747470733a2f2f6564656e742e6769746875622e696f2f537570657254696e7949636f6e732f696d616765732f7376672f796f75747562652e737667" />  
  </a>
</p>
                                                                                                    
<br/>  <br/>  
**⭐️ From [Gust4voSales](https://github.com/Gust4voSales)**

Commit message:

docs: add internship on e.Life

README.md, after:

##  👋 Hello there, I'm Gustavo Sales, a full stack developer 🚀 from Brazil.

<!-- Provided by https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats -->
<img width="40%" align="right" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Gust4voSales&langs_count=6&theme=tokyonight"/>

### 👨🏻‍💻 About Me
- 🎓 I'm a Computer Science undergraduate student at UFAPE
- 🖱  I'm currently working as Mobile Developer at e.Life as an intern.
- 💼 I enjoy working on personal projects that helps me gain experience with techs demanded on market 🔥
- ✍️ Fluent in English
- 🌱 I'm looking foward to learn game development 🎮 and AI 🤖.

### 🛠 Techs
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/typescriptlang/typescriptlang-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/python/python-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-ar21.svg"></code>
  <br/>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/reactjs/reactjs-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/nodejs/nodejs-ar21.svg"></code>
  <code><img width="10%" src="https://braze-marketing-assets.s3.amazonaws.com/images/partner_logos/react-native.png"></code>
  <br/>
  <!--<code><img width="10%" src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sass-lang/sass-lang-ar21.svg"></code> -->
<br/>
<br/>
<details>
  <summary>
 💻 Personal projects I'm most prowd of
  </summary>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/Gust4voSales/QuizSphere-Cliente" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Gust4voSales&repo=QuizSphere-Cliente&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Gust4voSales/RecomendaFilmes" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Gust4voSales&repo=RecomendaFilmes&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Gust4voSales/TIMES-Gerenciador-de-Foco" target="blank">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=Gust4voSales&repo=TIMES-Gerenciador-de-Foco&theme=tokyonight" />
  </a>
</p>
</details>

**** 
<p> 
  <strong>🤝🏻 Connect with me:</strong>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="mailto:manoel0gustavo@gmail.com" target="blank">
    <img height="20" width="20" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/4a3dd8d10a27c272fd04b2ce8ed1a130606f95ea6a76b5e19ce8b642faa18c27/68747470733a2f2f6564656e742e6769746875622e696f2f537570657254696e7949636f6e732f696d616765732f7376672f676d61696c2e737667" />  
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.instagram.com/gust4_sales/" target="blank">
    <img height="20" width="20"  src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/c9dacf0f25a1489fdbc6c0d2b41cda58b77fa210a13a886d6f99e027adfbd358/68747470733a2f2f6564656e742e6769746875622e696f2f537570657254696e7949636f6e732f696d616765732f7376672f696e7374616772616d2e737667" />  
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCctz-c-Iz_L1OMUo2YQMnMg" target="blank">
    <img height="20" width="20" src="https://camo.githubusercontent.com/d54e97f5edde790381f7e62b217410df33e066a0dc8f692f2fc6b25fc1768b0c/68747470733a2f2f6564656e742e6769746875622e696f2f537570657254696e7949636f6e732f696d616765732f7376672f796f75747562652e737667" />  
  </a>
</p>
                                                                                                    
<br/>  <br/>  
**⭐️ From [Gust4voSales](https://github.com/Gust4voSales)**
